I didn't help the stall deal with our own family
I gave him money to buy him off
Help solve the matter of China Restaurant Group
Besides, he didn't receive the money at all
He didn't take it. How could there be 2 million
Yeah, I saw him 2 million
The bank card is still here.
It's not from you.
Could it be that grandpa really gave him 2 million
That's not right.
How could this grandfather be so rich?
Will it?
Grandpa is indeed the chairperson of Huacan Group
Oh, no way.
Your mother already told me
Your grandfather used to be old
But because his investment failed
I can't get along in China
I still want your mother to marry
Your mother didn't let me elope
Your grandfather is dead
How could he be the chairperson of Huacan Group?
Then grandfather may also make a comeback abroad.
Besides, this Huacan Group
It did develop abroad
Then come to the country
Hey enough
Your grandfather can't be that capable
He's really that good
You two are also his biological granddaughters
Why did you hide it from me?